hey what's going on I'll play a little
bit of song and teach it to you right
afterwards when I found time to trouble
mother Mary comes to me speaking words
of wisdom let it be
good so I'll teach the whole thing
that's just a little bit of it I
shooting for just a really nice and easy
version of this I'm k put on five but it
work it works well the song you know
when it sounds accurate uh so she um 5th
string 6 string these guys are on the
3rd fret relative capo first and second
string there's our G C 5th string for
Strings see at nine we're sourcing to
get to an a minor you just take off the
middle finger
the bottom five it's like an a minor 7
or sir a minor indeed moved down by one
so he is now on the second fret third
string to be sus poor versus our d e
minor second fret 5th string and four
string and in for the minor that's like
an E minor 7 restore you monitor and
then B minor you just take that metal
finger bring it down by one
like a b-minor seven works as our B
minor ok so those are the cores we're
working with strong pattern i'm working
with is kind of like that's kind of the
basis of what I'm working with good so
next let's go through bit of the song
I'll call it chords as we go and I'm
gonna slow it down slow it so you're go
starting for the intro on g
g
see cheap be minor she
I wrestled in were into that first
person when I chief find myself deep
time to trouble EEMA mother maggie's he
comes to me speaking words d where's
Alex CBG she deep darkness she is
stand around see Tom Agee speaking was
deep wisdom that ACP g
let me mummy
see me
me say hunting spores deal is done I
seen eg a margin
jeep in the broad deep water people
imani minutes low degree g there will be
t answer let's see me g emoji
the main tea water there is still a
chance they may see will be deep outside
let me cheat me mana she and we're back
into the chorus part again let it be let
it be um let's do the next verse going
into the end I start from g and when the
nutty howdy there is he still alive see
sounds amazing shine on till tea
tomorrow let's see me g a machine
wake up to the sound of music even the
Merisi comes to me speaking words deep
wisdom let's see me G a man G
then we're back into the course again
let's do that going into Iman that ap
they see me lady
they'll be
let's see me Jeanne Moreau cheap anymore
see me let you be
you whisper iced tea
wisdom let it see me
a Martian sleep
and that's the end of the song so
definitely cool one hope it helped
definitely shooting for making things a
little bit easier with the chord
structures with those middle movement
chords but it still sounds like the song
a little bit easier open up thanks for
watching see